fear not citizens, hope has arrived.
Because I am here.
He's the coolest in the universe. And
once I get my quirk, I get to be a hero
just like him.
Sorry, kid. It's not going to happen.
Even if I'll never have superpowers.
You're worse than the rest of these
rejects, you quirkless wannabe. Do you
really think they let someone like you
in when they could have me? You'd never
be able to hang with the best of the
best.
Even if everyone thinks I'm useless.
I'm sorry, Isuku.
I wish things were different.
Mom, that's not what I needed you to
say. Couldn't you see?
Despite everything, I still dream and I
have to know.
Is it possible to become a hero even if
I don't have a quirk?
I'm a normal kid without any powers.
Could I ever hope to be someone like
you?
without a quirk.
Oh, no. No. No. Damn it. Not here.
People think I don't have a chance. Not
having any powers makes me some kind of
weakling. My classmates like to make fun
of me, but you know what? That makes me
want to prove them wrong. Ever since I
was a kid, I've thought that saving
people is the coolest thing you can do.
I want people to see my fearless smile
and feel safe and be the kind of hero
everyone in the world looks up to, just
like you.
I'm done.
hand.
Make you
Where am I? What happened?
Texas.
Oh, yeah. That bastard.
If it wasn't for him, I'd be out of town
already.
That was rough. Weren't you and Midoriya
good friends back when you were kids?
Yeah, you were a little harsh with him
today. It's his own fault for getting in
my way.
You shouldn't waste your time on the
guy.
It's just that I've wanted to be a hero
since I was a little kid. I may not have
a quirk, but I can still try my hardest,
can I?
Someone's got to teach that worthless
nerd how the world really works.
I hate it when he talks heroes.
Hey, I got an idea. We should go to the
arcade. Get your mind off it, you know.
Fine. Or we can sneak into the bar at
the station. Pick up some ladies. Now
that's a good idea.
Idiots. If we get caught, there's no way
UA would let me in.
Hey, what's that?
Perfect. I like a skin suit. It's a
fire.
I wait. Who? What happened? You're
depraded.
Where'd all Might go? You You're not
him. You're a fake an impostor.
I assure you that I am all
impossible.
You know how guys with the pool are
always sucking in and flexing and trying
to look buff? I'm like that.
This can't be real.
I'm dreaming. Oh my's a giant of a man
who saves everyone. He defeats all
obstacles and wins the day with a
fearless smile.
There's plenty of fear behind that
smile.
I'm counting on you to keep your mouth
shut. Don't go talking about this online
or telling your friends.
Pretty gross, right? I got this in a big
fight 5 years back. My respiratory
system was basically destroyed. I lost
my whole stomach. All the surgeries have
pretty much worn me out and it can't be
fixed.
Right now, I can only do hero work for
about 3 hours a day. Rest of the time,
this is what I look like.
No way.
5 years ago. So, does that mean it was
the fight with Toxic Chainsaw?
Wow, you know your stuff. But no, the
punk may have landed some hits, but he
couldn't bring me down.
Most of the world has never heard of
this fight. I did everything I could to
keep it under wraps.
I'm supposed to be the guy who's always
smiling, right? I'm the symbol of peace.
People everywhere have to think that I'm
never afraid.
But honestly, I smile to hide the fear
inside.
It's just a brave face I put on when the
pressure is high. This job isn't easy.
Pro heroes are always having to risk
their lives. Some villains just can't be
beaten without powers. So, can you be a
hero? Not without a quirk.
I see.
If you want to help people, there are
plenty other ways to do it. You could
become a police officer. They get crap
because the heroes capture most of the
villains, but it's a fine profession.
It's not bad to have a dream, young man.
Just make sure your dreams are
attainable, realistic. Understand?
Now, let's get you to the station.
Not good.
A villain. I wonder which hero will
show.
Some villains just can't be beaten
without powers. So, can you be a hero?
Not without a quirk.
It's a monster.
It's taking someone hostage.
How dare you pray on a child?
What the hell is this? Some kind of goo.
You okay, Death Arms? Heads up.
Stay back or I'll snap his neck.
You picked the wrong guy to mess with.
I'm going to take you back to whatever
story you crawled out of.
Let me go.
You've got so much power. I really hit
the jackpot. With a quirk like yours
under my control, I can take all my down
with one punch.
Wa. Is that some kind of special move?
This dude is a legit super villain.
It's her. That new hero lady will stop
him. My only weakness. I At least a
two-lane road if I'm going to make my
way through here.
Fire and wood don't exactly make a good
combination. I'll let someone else stop
this guy.
Don't look at me. I've got my hands full
here. Where are those fire trucks? Can
you guys get to him? Can't get a grip on
his weird body. Plus, that kid's quirks
causing explosions left and right. This
is a shut out. We've got to rally and
knock him out of the park somehow.
incoming.
It's no good. None of us have the right
quirks to stop a villain like this.
We'll do damage control until someone
with the right powers shows up.
There are still plenty of people to
save.
Don't worry. I bet every hero in the
city is coming.
I'm sorry, kid. You'll just have to hold
on a little bit longer.
Damn. If I only had more power, I could
blow this guy away.
Uh, this looks bad. Maybe we should run.
Come on, heroes. You've got this.
Must have dropped him in the air.
I was distracted, worrying about my time
limit. I can't believe I made such a
rookie mistake. And after lecturing that
kid about what it takes to be a hero,
I'm pathetic.
He'll never be a hero. Better to find
out now instead of later, I guess.
Make sure your dreams are attainable.
Even All Might said it. A hero needs a
quirk.
Don't cry, damn it. Deep down, you knew
this all along. You've just been
avoiding reality. That's why you were
trying so desperately to prove yourself
wrong.
That's strange. Is the fight from
earlier still going on?
Why am I here? Did I subconsciously walk
this way to check it out?
I shouldn't even stop. All my notes are
useless.
That's the guy who attacked me. That
can't be right. All my captured him.
But the bottle, if he dropped it,
that means it's my fault.
Why aren't the heroes doing anything?
It looks like they've met their match.
Plus, the villain captured a kid. Things
aren't looking good for him.
He caught someone. I wonder how long
they've been in there. How can they
survive being suffocated like that? I
thought I'd die after only a few seconds
of struggling.
Oh man.
Wait, I'm confused. Isn't that the
villain All Might was chasing earlier
today?
What? All Might? No way. He lost. Where
is he?
Well, can someone call him or something?
Seriously, why hasn't he showed up to
help the heroes?
I'm the one to blame. He wasted his
energy on me.
I'm worthless.
He can't power up yet. And none of the
other heroes have the quirks to stop
this monster.
So pathetic.
It's my fault. I'm sorry. So sorry.
Brace.
Help will show up and save the day. I'm
sure.
I'm not a real hero.
Someone. A real hero will come soon.
No, you idiot. Stop. You're going to
adventure down.
Not this bread again.
That What am I doing? Why am I running?
Why can't I stop?
You're too [__]
What do I do? What would a hero do right
now?
It's 25 right.
Take
this.
What the hell? Why are you here?
I don't know. My legs, they just started
moving.
I don't know why I did what I did.
Sorry, kid. It's not going to happen.
You really think they let someone like
you in when they grab me?
Honestly, don't
for
Maybe it was the look on his face.
Come on. I couldn't just stand there and
watch you die.
Get the hell off me.
I have to do something. No matter the
cost.
Just a little bit longer, kid. And I
stop playing with you.
Save the boy. This thing will kill him.
I really am pathetic.
Oh my.
I told you the traits that make a great
champion, but I see now I wasn't living
up to my own ideal.
Pros are always risking our lives.
That's the true test of a hero. If you
bet
It's raining.
Don't tell me how all that wind just now
was.
Look at the clouds. They're moving.
Holy crap. He changed the weather.
Did
that really just happen?
He changed the weather with a single
punch like it was nothing. All might
save the day again. He's amazing.
After that, the heroes collected all the
scattered mounds of sludge, and the
villain went into police custody where
he belonged.
You [__] Do you have a death wish?
There was absolutely no reason for you
to put yourself in danger like that.
I got chewed out by the heroes big time.
While Kachchon was praised for his
bravery.
Man, you're tough, kid. And that quirk
is something else. When you want to go
pro, head over to my agency first. I'd
love for you to be my sidekick while
you're training.
I wanted to apologize to All Might, but
he was sworn by interviewers. I didn't
want to interrupt. I can always try to
send a message through his website when
I get home.
Kachchan,
listen. I would never ask for a weakling
like you to help me. Don't think you
could look down on me. Huh? Got that? I
was fine by myself. You're just a
quirkless failure who won't even cut it
as a reticop. You didn't help me. You
did nothing. Don't forget it. I don't
owe you anything.
What was that?
Kachchan is right though. It's not like
I actually did anything to help today.
But at least I tried. Guess now I should
get back to giving up on my dreams.
I am here.
All Might, where'd you come from? How'd
you get rid of all those reporters?
I stand for justice, not sound bites.
Because I I am Mo.
Young man, I came here to thank you and
also to discuss your question from
earlier.
If you hadn't told me about your life,
if you hadn't run into that fight, I
would have been a worthless bystander
watching from the crowd. So, thanks.
Oh, no. It was my fault he was there to
begin with. I got in the way of your
hard work. I wasted your energy and not
to mention your time.
I'm not done. You told me you didn't
have a power. So when I saw this timid,
quirkless boy try to save a life, it
inspired me to act, too.
There are stories about every hero. How
they became great.
Most have one thing in common.
Their bodies moved before they had a
chance to think, almost on their own.
For some reason, I remembered my
mother's words in that moment.
I'm sorry, Isuku.
I wish things were different.
And today, that's what happened to you.
You never told me, Mom.
back then. The thing I wanted you to
say,
the words I needed to hear.
Young man, you too can become a hero.
Dreams can become reality.
Oh, by the way, I forgot to mention that
this is the story of how I became the
world's greatest hero.
Woo!
You made the
hide now.
book.
You may
eat
Young man, I have deemed you worthy of
inheriting the glorious power of All
Might.
Wait, what do you mean inherit?
When you're ready, you'll take my
unstoppable quirk one for all.
So, it's that easy. I can become a hero
just like that.
Of course not, kid. Not with that frail
body of yours.
Huh? Next time. Roaring muscles.
Midori is going to be super buff by the
time I'm through with him. Go beyond
plus ultra.